[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> With me today on this
"Truth Hunter" special is Tim,
a tactical advisor to
covert German analysts,
who are trying to understand
the missions and strategies
of non-human intelligences
on our planet,
in this solar
system, and beyond.
Tim, welcome to this special
edition of "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you, Linda
for having me.
>> Tim, something that
has always, I would say,
almost bothered me are--
whether you're dealing with
an abductee, whether you're
dealing with somebody who is
coming from science, military,
they talk as if they have some
kind of evidence that there are
beings in this universe that
are truly other dimensional.
And, in fact, some people
call them ultra dimensionals.
And I don't fully understand
what an ultra dimensional is
or why it would be
in this universe
or how it would interact
in a matter universe.
>> OK.
So what we know
is that there are
several worlds beyond
this world that we're
inhabiting right now.
So there are
realities and spaces
that can be inhabited by
lifeforms just in the way,
for example, the ocean
itself is inhabited,
and the whole aquatic world
where beings are living in.
One example for a
multidimensional being would be
something that you have
showed me in your book,
which is a
greyish-skinned being--
>> Involved in those tubes
in the transfer of souls.
>> Right.
So they are not to be
confused with the Greys.
So there are several
different species
that all have
greyish skin color.
But these beings, for example,
and I've talked about that,
they live inside of light, which
is another dimension of light.
Basically, physically
seen a dimension
as a unit which measures
your position within space.
So if you-- for example, if
we have multiple dimensions
as an information,
we can triangulate
where in the world, in
the measurable space
we inhabit you are right in.
So these beings, for
example, and this
is another dimension
to the world,
they live inside
of the light, which
basically human beings
and all other beings I
can think of on this world, they
only see the surface of light.
We do see three
dimensions, which
means there seems
to be some depth,
but we all only see
the surface of light
and we do not see that
there is another dimension
inside of light.
And those beings,
just as we would like,
look upon the surface
of water and would not
expect that there
are 1,000 meter deep
underwater world where fish
and other creatures are living.
We cannot see that this light
that we are seeing has another
dimension to it.
So that would be an example
of a multidimensional being.
>> I understand the metaphor
of the ocean being like another
dimension on this planet in
which there is life and we live
on the land, which would
be like, let's say,
another dimension.
And you're saying that there
are other intelligences that
are inhabiting what
part of the light?
Is it that we're seeing
only a frequency?
And if we saw the whole
frequency of light,
we would see beings in some
relationship to photons?
>> Well, so first of all, it's
a comparison, which means,
of course, the aquatic world
is not another dimension.
>> But it's a metaphor.
>> It's a metaphor.
Right.
So what you are
talking about is only
the particle part of light.
So as light can occur either
as a particle or as a field--
>> Wave.
>> A wave pattern, right.
So the human eye is only
capable of perceiving particles,
at least if we're talking
about this kind of dimension.
Of course, we can
measure waves by the way
light behaves in a room,
like it's getting reflected,
we can measure it, et cetera,
but normally what we see
is only the surface,
the particles
that make up for this table
to be seen as a table.
But if you're
physically correct,
then there also is a
field within light that
can be used as a dimension to
be lived in, and those beings,
just as fish living
in the ocean,
these beings have chosen
to live inside of light.
>> And what are they like?
>> If we're talking about
this particular species,
which is a greyish-looking type,
they tend to show themselves
with some kind of
robe, so to speak.
They are engaged in creating
exit strategies for souls.
So look, death, for
example, is something
that the universe has come
up for for a being in order
to transist from one experience
to another experience.
But it also means some kind of
stress, some kind of experience
that can be bad
and traumatizing,
which is something
the universe actually
doesn't want for itself.
What they are doing is
creating logical fields
that make the
transition from death
from one point to another
point more accessible, more
acceptable.
>> Oh, like the tunnel at the
moment of death transiting from
the outer world to another
dimension and being described
as a tunnel that you
come out in light.
>> Because there is no tunnel.
There is no tunnel in
reality, but someone
has to create a thought, a logic
that appears to be a tunnel,
and that is something
that they do.
>> How would beings that look
like they are 3D matter end up
having work inside of light that
would be as the praying mantis
says in my book to
the human abductee?
You are going to be
translated into the light.
And today, when I
think about that
in The Nag Hammadi, the
ancient, ancient text,
there are two pages
on the thought
that dwells in the light.
Are they one in the same
that you are describing?
>> Maybe.
I don't know that,
but you're absolutely
correct that they are beings.
Their only interest
is in order to create
certain transitions between one
situation to another situation.
And we know that the soul
has a certain soul plan.
So every soul has something
to learn while it is alive,
while it is embodied
in some body
or incarnated and some body,
and some of these periods
could be through any
incident, accident,
whatever, could be interrupted.
And that would cause potentially
trauma to the consciousness
unit but the observer, but also
a fulfillment of the soul plan
that has been arranged for one
of those for the particular
being.
>> And that would explain
the abductee saying,
I don't understand what they
mean that my soul must be
in this container for a certain
amount of time and that they
are in fact bringing me to see,
here is my body in a tube and I
will be allowed to die
in the matter world,
but my soul will continue in
the exact same body container
for whatever is the
mysterious length of time.
>> Right.
100%.
So one of the examples that
could be brought up here
on a major scale, which
influenced heavily
human society is things
that happen on Mars.
So if you're thinking
about the planet Mars,
it's said to be that there
has been some incident that
destroyed a lot of the surface
and all the inhabitants
of this planet died.
>> Hydrogen bombs according
to PhD Nuclear Physicist John
Brandenburg wrote a
book Death on Mars,
said that the amount of xenon
129 that Viking measured
on Mars was 2.5 times the amount
of xenon 129 on Earth after
Hiroshima and Nagasaki
in World War II.
>> Right.
And that is an example,
a perfect example,
for souls that suddenly
came into a situation
where the life plan, their
soul plan has been interrupted.
And then you have an immersive
amount of soul information
that needs to complete and
continue their soul mission, so
to speak?
>> I never thought about that
an instant flash from the atomic
bombs in Nagasaki and Hiroshima.
What would have
happened to the souls?
>> And how do they proceed?
Because they have still, so
to speak, time on their clock.
One thing, and to
our understanding,
that caused a lot of trouble
in the sociocultural background
of this planet is that a
lot of these free souls
were reintegrated into
this planet right here.
So some of these beings
that were heavily
affected by what
happened on Mars
needed to continue
their soul mission
on some other relevant
place, and some of them
have been integrated into
Earth society, reincarnated.
They might not even
be aware of that,
because there is a process
of amnesia going on, that
means they do not remember
their own existence
on a different planet, but it
also brought a lot of problems,
because the species
on Mars were,
as it's been said in the ancient
philosophies, a more warrior
type species.
>> The Anunnaki.
>> I've heard that
before, but I don't know--
>> And they have the
big heads this way,
and they are the ones who
did battle in the deserts
of Mesopotamia and the residue
that they left with their bombs
were and are the trinitite the
glassy silica in many parts
of the Middle East.
>> So as much as I understand
is that Mars, at that time,
had several dominant
species living there,
which is insectoid
species, a reptile species,
and a human species.
And all three of them were
very aggressive, which
caused this catastrophe we
had, which occurred to Mars.
And those beings, especially
those human beings, the soul,
in some way, remembers,
on a very subtle level,
the social background
from before.
So if a soul like on Mars has
experienced a very dominant
warlike species, they have
a very dominant tendency
towards aggression when
they reincarnate maybe
on this planet.
>> Repeating history.
Right.
>> How do the grey ones,
the grey skin ones,
that seem to have a job
of keeping the entity soul
and the container type of body
together for a certain length
of time, would they have a
very specific relationship with
another dimensional
intelligence?
And is that why we would think
that the recycling of souls
is always going into heaven
and out of heaven or into hell
and out of hell?
>> But heaven is a
social construct.
It's a beneficial and
working construct,
because it helps the
soul to be in a place
where it feels comfortable
and logical to reincarnate
into something else.
So if someone dies, for
example, and he suddenly
sees his own grandma
welcoming him
in heaven and maybe even Jesus
standing there and taking the--
hugging someone or something,
that is something that is
might be placed there because
of certain social or religious
belief systems.
>> But Tim, which came first?
If this is a fundamental
cycle of this universe,
it didn't start with
the creation of Earth.
Earth would be an
echo and reflect what
is going on in the macrocosm.
So the idea that there would
be a recycling of souls
and that there would be those
that had a responsibility
to keep certain matter and soul
together for a length of time,
they would far precede any
religious box on Earth.
>> Right.
100%.
So the question what came
first is pretty impossible
to answer in a universe that
has no end and no beginning.
But if we're seeing this from
a linear perspective of time,
meaning inside of
time, then death
has always been an aspect
of the universe, which
means pure nonexistence.
It's been used in
order to ensure
that a universe, a observer,
a consciousness unit, someone
that comes to a dead
end, so to speak,
has an opportunity to go from
that place to another place
in order to start anew
and to build from that.
But, I mean, it's
been fairly misused,
at least in this
society on this planet,
but different other beings
have other a mechanism
to deal with death.
>> Like what?
>> I'm thinking of one reptilian
race that, for example,
is spiritually so
evolved that they can,
through their own
mind concentration,
release themselves into a new
incarnation on the same planet.
So once they die,
they have big caves
full of eggs where they
put their minds into it
through training and
psionics and concentration.
And from that point, they
develop as a new body.
>> So you're saying that they
would choose in one physical
form that's going to die,
they would pick out an egg.
Do you mean like sperm and
egg humanoid or larger,
would it be?
>> Larger, but
probably of size--
>> Like some kind of an egg?
>> Right.
>> And then they are mentally
and soul energy projecting
the life that they're choosing.
It's going out, and
they're now putting it
into another egg that will
then be identical to that
which has died?
>> I wouldn't say
it's identical.
Might be.
I don't know.
But it's certainly a free
body that can be accessed.
So awareness doesn't stop
if you lose your body.
It only-- the body
provides a certain amount
of tools where we can
perceive the universe
and information in a certain
linear and logical way.
But once the body dies,
that doesn't mean that--
because there are a lot
of examples on this planet
as well that awareness after
death can still continue.
But normally, there are
some natural mechanisms
that, the soul once they die,
is being referred to in some way
and reincarnated
into something else.
But if you train, like
yogis, for example,
do for thousands of years.
If you train yourself
enough and you
know where you need to bring
your own perception into,
then this species has used
that mechanism in order
to bring themselves
into an egg again.
That is a natural phenomena or
a capability through training.
But if you see, for
example, the Greys.
The Greys have this
artificial network
going on where they extract
the information of one body,
put it digitally
into the system,
and get it released into
another vessel or an avatar
or whatever you want to name it.
>> Along that line, 1992
I believe was the year,
and he was a very bright young
scientist out of college.
He had a death event.
And in the period of time
that somehow his consciousness
retains something, he was
shown that he was exiting here.
He was moving into another--
to him, it was like
he left and went
into another universe
except where there
was a black sky
here and white stars
at night, where he ended up was
a white sky with black dots.
He found himself
going rapidly down
to what he perceived
to be a planet
and tried to describe
the colors saying
they were beyond vibrant.
And then the next thing that
he knows, he's being born.
And he said, all
I can tell you is
that it seems, from
my point of view,
that we're in a
universe that is working
in tandem with another
universe, and they
are exactly the opposite, and
that where I grew and died
in this universe, I
traveled into another
in which I was reborn.
And I will die in that
one and come back.
And it was the first
time that I've ever
heard anybody in the
abduction syndrome
ever be exposed to the idea of
parallel identical universes
in which there would be a
cycle of life and death.
Have you ever heard that before?
>> Yeah.
So we're going deeper into the
model of sequential harmonics,
which means there are
levels of consciousness,
there are spaces that
contain certain species
with a certain level
of consciousness.
And I can explain this
model a little further,
but if you think about level
three consciousness, which
is self awareness, you have
a level six consciousness,
which is the inverted state of
the universe, which means it's
the realm of non-existence.
So what you're describing,
for example, it
might not be a
physical place, but it
might be perceived
as something physical
because it's the
inversion of existence,
which happens at level six.
>> Could you explain the
whole level one through seven
of frequencies that I
think another word would be
dimensions, frequencies
and dimensions.
And if it's different,
explain that whole step up.
>> Sure.
So there is a difference between
dimensions and frequencies.
Because dimension,
as I said earlier,
is a measuring unit
for space, which
means the more dimensions
you have, the more exact
you can triangulate a position
within a certain space.
A frequency doesn't
necessarily need a space.
So in a perfect and
very easy to comprehend
example of that would be a dream
state of mind, which means when
you are awake and aware
of your surroundings,
I can easily utilize all
the dimensions in order
to measure where you are.
For example, right now
you are sitting here.
But when you are sleeping,
none of us could--
your awareness goes
somewhere, because you
are in a state of awareness.
That means you are
alive, you are there,
you are the universe, you
are creating something,
but it's not possible
from the outside world
to say where you are.
And that means you are in
some frequency that does not
necessarily contain space.
The interesting thing
is that every one of us
goes through a level
three consciousness, which
is I awareness and--
>> I have a body.
I can touch the table.
>> 100%.
And everyone went
to a certain phase,
which is level six in
which there is nothing.
When you sleep and before
you enter a dream state,
there is a short amount
of nothingness, right.
But we are still aware
of that nothingness.
We all know that there is
something that brought us
from that frequency
to another frequency,
and this is a realm
of non-existence,
which is the antithesis
to existence,
and this is level six.
And through level
six consciousness,
we can integrate ourselves
in any other level three
consciousness
place in the world.
>> And Being 6 is a being
consciousness from level six.
>> Right.
It's a so-called
mindset being, which
means it's a place of
existence that only comes
into existence if you
and me and everyone else
consciously decides for it.
Only then we can find this
existence, because being six
is a place.
If you want to think in terms
of space, which it's not a--
>> It's nonexistence.
>> Nonexistence.
But it contains every
one that willing fully
contributes to a harmonious--
>> Selfless.
>> Not even selfless, because
individuality is still a thing
there, so we can all
be whatever we want,
but we have to agree that we
make this everything our home,
for me, for you, and
for everyone watching.
So that is Being 6.
>> If we get to level six
and it is nothingness,
then why is there a level seven?
>> Our level seven
is a unification.
It's a phase in where
anything gets unified.
So it begins with a level
one consciousness, which
is, for example, this cup.
This cup is a living being, even
though it cannot be measured
where it starts with ends.
So if I break this
cup, do I now have two
or do I have the same or not?
So this is a level
one consciousness
being that only an
object, we would call it,
which only has an awareness
of certain information
that we would objectify.
A level two consciousness
would be any lifeform that
is capable and
able to move freely
but still has no self-awareness.
Blood cells, sperm,
all these things
are level two consciousness.
A level three
consciousness being
is a being that looks in the
mirror and says, that's me.
The interesting thing
is that being together
with all these beings helps
other beings to ascend.
We're talking about that.
So if you, for example,
take an elephant
in the jungle of India,
it will attack a mirror
because it doesn't
have self-awareness.
It would attack it.
But if you take an elephant that
is in relationship with humans
and, for example, in the zoo
or in a circus or whatever,
they would understand
that it's looking
at themselves in the mirror.
So this is level
three consciousness,
and you can see that a
species can have individuals
with different levels of that.
Once a certain amount of people
have reached a certain level
of consciousness, that
applies for the whole group
and the whole species as well.
Our pets, for
example, if you think
about dogs compared to
a wolf or something,
a dog certainly if you say--
>> They know English
or German or--
>> Right.
They do.
And that helps the soul.
One thing that
Being 6 said to me,
and I found that
super hilarious,
is a dog that, for example,
lives together with a human
and is not capable to open his
own food tin, but the human,
and he observes that it's able
to open the food tin, that
would make the dog have a
desire to become a human.
So when the dog dies,
it's very certain
that this dog will
reincarnate into a human form,
because that is what he
felt is very inspiring.
It's very motivational to
opening your own food tin.
>> And it leads really to the
issue of powerbrokers on any
planet.
If the reincarnated
cycles of the souls
at any one of these seven
levels is always ongoing, then
who would be
running Earth today?
Who, in this power broker
structure in which I and others
have been told that if the
very top of the controllers
of the powerbrokers and
with the powerbrokers,
are non humans,
powerful non humans.
So if Earth, maybe for
centuries, maybe for millennia,
maybe for millions of
years, has literally
had at the top of a
pyramidal power structure,
always non humans working
through with the frequencies
of humans, human form,
what do you personally
think of everything
you've been exposed to?
If you were describing what
the true pyramidal structure
of power on Earth is right
now, how would you describe it?
>> Then I would say there is
no pyramidal structure at all,
because it's overlaying
frequencies that all have
their own multitude of
life forms that all affect
the system equally, even though
there are species that are way
more developed than other
species and might have a bigger
picture, but they are still
not the number one race.
I honestly, through all
that I've experienced
and through all that
I've communicated to,
there is no supreme
being and God.
I think it's good that
we don't have that,
so there's no being that has all
powers concentrated on itself.
Even though there
are some species that
are trying to become that one
being, but in the end on level
seven, we will see when we
have a unified field again
that we still have this
one point of existence,
which is unified.
And in a unified field, no one
is superior or below anything.
>> So it is a paradox, because
what you're describing are
seven levels, at which
the seventh level,
it's all a singular point of
view and yet if reincarnative
recycling is the machinery of
this cosmos and all cosmoses,
seven wouldn't want to come
back and be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6.
So what happens to the sevens?
>> It's a decision on
some of those levels where
your observational
standpoint is.
So while people when they are in
a consciousness level of three
do not even realize
that there might
be different other
frequencies, they might not
be able to take a conscious
decision about where they want
to integrate into, and
that is, for example,
where those beings that
we are just talking about
kick into and say, from
your soul's perspective,
you might make sense here
and there and so forth.
They want a consciousness
unit to come to a place
where they understand that
they are free in order
to reincarnate whether
they want to or even create
their own home the
way they want to.
The only struggle
that appears is
when a observer
feels disintegrated
from another observer and
starts competing, that's
something where the paradox,
what you were speaking about,
is kicking in.
So that means even though we
are all this one living life
form, this air, this life
form, me as this life form,
you as this life form, even
this cup and this table
is this life form.
If one of these things
think that it should compete
over something else,
then you have a paradox,
and that needs to be solved.
And this is, for
many, many species,
a heavy reason to live.
>> We know we've got six and
seven, but what about five?
What happens on the fifth level?
>> Right.
So a fifth level
of consciousness
is even more loose and shows
a lot more opportunities
compared to level four.
Level four, basically,
is something
that we can experience
right now right here.
It contains bodies,
matter, everything
that we know of a
level three world,
but in a more loose form.
So things like telepathy,
telekinesis, these
are things that occur on
level four consciousness,
and we integrate them into a
more or less dense level three
experience.
On level five, energy becomes
more and more important.
So level five means that you
do not need to have a body.
You can have a body, but
you are free to become
whatever you want.
So this is basically
something that
is far more energetical,
philosophical, and mostly far
away from the hands-on
problems and paradoxes
that we might have
in a 3D world.
If we're thinking about
level five consciousness,
we only have four beings,
four collective species
that are still bad.
Every other species,
every other being,
every other aspect of life
at level five consciousness
is good.
It's super good.
So compare that,
it's like one or four
grains of sand compared
to the whole beach,
whereas the whole beach
is super good and four--
species at level
four are competing
for that dominance within
an unsolved situation
of competition.
At level six, that
is being reduced
to only one single being.
So we at level six, we have
the whole existence of infinity
that is good,
benevolent, and nice,
and only one singular
being that is bad.
>> Why is that one
even allowed in six?
>> Because this is the probable
antithesis to good that still
exists at level six.
Because everything we
qualify as good needs
to have antithesis in the
universe ontologically, which
is bad.
So through feeling and
through being good,
there is always one aspect
that needs to be bad.
>> But why?
>> Remember the Fibonacci code
where we have one singular
universe and then we
put an antithesis to it?
And once that being,
that singular being,
comes to this conclusion,
it will logically
say that it's not necessary
to be bad and becomes good,
and then everything in the
universe is solved again,
everything can be united,
everything we have
is home again, and then we
have level seven consciousness.
So at level seven
consciousness, we
have a unified
reintegrated field
of the whole universe
being benevolent
and home and super
nice, which is heaven.
>> Thank you, Tim, so much for
joining me on another special
"Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you, Linda
for having me.
>> Coming up on the
next "Truth Hunter."
>> There are chemicals being
used but also frequencies
in order to slow down the
process of evolution on this
planet.
Everything that can be
experienced on this planet
is in some way or another
influenced by the installation.
The question is, who
has installed it?
And once it was in place,
it is mostly driving itself,
because humanity,
without even knowing,
is contributing to its function.